OBSDOCS-1726: Port the "Installing log storage" sections to 5.8 and 6… (#94423)
openshift/openshift-docs: configuring/configuring-the-log-store.adoc

Reviewer: Every module in this assembly should be updated to have the assembly listed under 
```
// Module included in the following assemblies:
```

And if they are no longer included in e.g. `configuring/configuring-lokistack-storage.adoc`, that line should be removed from the list

Author: fixed!

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="configuring-lokistack-storage"]
= Configuring the log store
:context: configuring-the-log-store

toc::[]

You can configure a `LokiStack` custom resource (CR) to store application, audit, and infrastructure-related logs.

include::snippets/loki-statement-snip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Loki sizing
include::modules/loki-sizing.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Loki object storage
include::modules/logging-loki-storage.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// create object storage
include::modules/logging-loki-storage-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/logging-loki-storage-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/logging-loki-storage-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/logging-loki-storage-minio.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/logging-loki-storage-odf.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/logging-loki-storage-swift.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//Loki stirage STS
[id="installing-log-storage-loki-sts"]
=== Deploying a Loki log store on a cluster that uses short-term credentials

> For some storage providers, you can use the CCO utility (`ccoctl`) during installation to implement short-term credentials. These credentials are created and managed outside the {ocp-product-title} cluster. link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/authentication/managing_cloud_provider_credentials/cco-short-term-creds.adoc#cco-short-term-creds[Manual mode with short-term credentials for components].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some storage providers, you can use the Cloud Credential Operator utility (`ccoctl`) during installation to implement short-term credentials. These credentials are created and managed outside the {ocp-product-title} cluster. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-cloud-provider-credentials#cco-short-term-creds[Manual mode with short-term credentials for components].
```
